CNDB-9877: Update PR template (#1399)
datastax/cassandra: .github/pull_request_template.md

...

### Checklist before you submit for review

> - [ ] Make sure there is a PR in the CNDB project updating the Converged Cassandra version if your PR is changing the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Make sure there is a PR in the CNDB project updating the Converged Cassandra version if your PR depends on specific Converged Cassandra changes.
```

Author: isn't a similar problem as we have with Stargate-CNDB relation? Stargate uses CNDB coordinator as an impl so we run stargate internal tests against that implementation;

I think the bare minimum would be to compile CNDB against the CC artifact produced in from the feature branch as a step in CC gating

- [ ] Use `NoSpamLogger` for log lines that may appear frequently in the logs
- [ ] Verify Butler and Sonar checks are passing
- [ ] Proper code formatting
- [ ] Proper title for each commit staring with the project-issue number, like CNDB-1234
- [ ] Each commit has a meaningful description

> - [ ] Each commit contains related changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Each commit is specific to the CNDB issue it's addressing
```

> - [ ] Renames, moves and reformatting are in distinct commits

Reviewer: I would still drop this one, as I think most of the time it would generate more - artificially separated - work.

Author: I can drop it, but it is just a friendly reminder - personally I'd not start reviewing a PR which mixes renamings and major reformattings with the code changes - just with "how to write tests" - it is just sharing "how to"

> - [ ] Avoid starting nodes in new tests (jvm dtests, CQLTester) if possible in favor of implementing pure unit tests

Reviewer: I don't quite agree with this: in a complex distributed system, integration tests are fundamental and should not be discouraged _even if unit tests exist_.

Author: though starting nodes over and over again should be avoided - if we are adding a test case to the test class which already has some shared containers running - that's fine; however we should design tests having the testing time in mind;

Reviewer: Agreed, but this is more of a general "know how to write efficient tests" issue?
